Update README.md (#101)
temporalio/samples-go: splitmerge/README.md

> This sample workflow demonstrates how to use multiple Temporal coroutines (instead of native goroutine) to process a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample Workflow Definition demonstrates how to use multiple Temporal coroutines (instead of native goroutine) to process a
```

chunk of a large work item in parallel, and then merge the intermediate result to generate the final result.

> In Temporal workflow, you should not use go routine. Instead, you use corotinue via workflow.Go method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Temporal Workflow Definition, you should not use goroutines. Instead, you use corotinues via the `workflow.Go` method.
```
